#summary TimeMachine_2 Feature Requirements

= Common =

  * Username
  * Password

----

= Manager =

*Features:*

  * Add Teacher - To add a teacher, he will select the teacher tab and click the "Add" link.
  * Disable Teacher

*Notes:*

  * Manager does not need to manage times
  * Manager purpose is primarily to create the teachers

----

= Teacher =

*Features:*

  * Create Project
  * View Project
  * Edit Project
  * Assign Class
  * View and edit students’ Timelogs
    * Daily Average
    * Weekly Average
    * Weekly Totals
    * Semester Totals
    * Projected Totals

*Nice-to-Have Features:*

  * Student notification when teacher edits.
  * Graphs of data and statistics.
  * Projected grade in summary page.
  * Order students alphabetically or by hours logged.
  * Specify specific work locations for project.
  * Implement customized warning for long work periods.

*Notes:*

  * Choose the start/end day of a week.
  * Choose how long (time limit) before time gets flagged.

----

= Student =

*Features:*

  * Choose Project
  * New Entry
    * Form with same fields as Timelog, excepting calculated fields.
  * Timelog
    * Start Date/Time
    * End Date/Time
    * Hours worked (calculated)
    * Location
    * Category
    * Work                    
    * Accomplished
    * Comments
    * Date modified (calculated)
  * Edit Past Entries
  * View Summary Page (default page)
    * Weekly Total
    * Overall Total
    * Daily Average
    * Weekly Average
    * Grade Projection
  * Nice-To-Have Features
    * Projected grade on summary page.
    * Chart on summary page.

*Notes:*

  * Students CANNOT enter future times.
  * Student notification when teacher edits.
  * Hours are automatically calculated based on Start and End time.
  * Students can view but not edit the summary page.
  * Check for duplicate and negative time entered.
  * Handling time that goes over midnight, make sure this works over multiple days.