#summary SEI Meeting 2013-10-07 Notes

= 1:00 =

Starting with prayer in the Library 5th floor conference room.

Taking down contacts, their interests and free time.

Discussing methods to use: XP with paired programming.

Guys who will talk Mr. Geary to finish getting project requirements: *Rob, Noah, and Dannie*

Those who know how to use [http://www.asp.net/ ASP.net] are going to give those who don't know a walk through on:
  * How to access the database
  * How to use [http://www.asp.net/ ASP.net] and the database

= 1:45 =

Went to AC 212 to run through how the !WebApp communicates with database.

James and Stephen worked on figuring out how to login to the old !TimeMachine by contacting Shannon.

Koffi showed everyone how to link ASP webpage with a database.

Rob gave those who didn't know a crash course in HTML, !JavaScript and Jquery and *where ASP fits in*.

= 3:15 =

Concluded meeting.

= Important Information: =

|| Server name: || *CSDB* ||
|| Database Name: || *SEI_TimeMachine2* ||
|| Location for SE project: || [http://csmain/seproject/development/14-TimeMachine2/ Time Machine 2] ||
|| Location for old SE project: || [http://csmain/seproject/development/13-TimeMachine/ Time Machine 1] ||

= Places to learn programming languages: =

|| *C# and .NET:* || [http://www.homeandlearn.co.uk/csharp/csharp.html Home and Learn] ||
|| || [http://www.w3schools.com/aspnet/mvc_app.asp W3 Schools] ||
|| || [http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/magazine/cc337884.aspx MSDN] ||
|| *Jquery:* || [http://www.w3schools.com/jquery W3 Schools] ||
|| || [http://api.jquery.com Jquery API] ||

= Guys who came to the meeting: =

  * Rob Yoder
  * Noah Conrad
  * Dannie Scull
  * Stephen Weaver
  * James Miyashita
  * James Mulvihill
  * Koffi Wodome
  * Gordon Badgett